[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku fulfilled his promise
and used Shenron's power
to remove all memory of the
"destroyer of worlds" attack
from the minds
of Earth's people.
--[BUU humming]
--[BOY A laughing]
[BOY B, C laughing]
[BUU]
Hmm?
No ice cream for you.
It's mine, mister.
[BUU] But if that one yours,
then where is Buu's?
In that store behind you.
[BUU]
Aah?
Buu like!
So many flavors to eat!
You wanna sample?
What can I start you off with?
We got every flavor imaginable!
Buu want...
...all of them!
[BOY D]
Whoa!
[BOY D, BUU laughing]
Hey! Sir, you can't leave
the store with that yet!
Where's our money?
Um, what you mean money?
"What's money mean"?
All right, that's enough.
If you can't afford it,
then forget it!
Huh? Give Buu ice cream back!
If you want it, you have to
pay for it with money!
--[BUU growls]
--[CLERK screams]
--[ALL gasp]
You have to promise me, Buu!
Don't you get angry
and start hurting people!
My friend. He say
Buu no get angry now.
[BUU sighs]
What's with him? Jeez!
Buu need money very bad.
Buu need money to give
to silly man for ice cream,
but where Buu find money? Huh?
[PROMOTER]
Win big money, folks!
You just gotta knock out
this fine specimen
of pugilistic perfection!
I'm talking a cool
hundred thousand zeni
to the winner! Any challengers?
Anyone brave enough
to fight for it?
Entrance fee's
a mere ten thousand.
But beat my man, and you'll
more than double your cash!
Give it a shot, bro!
No way. Look at
this guy's moves.
He's probably
a kenpo master. Huh?
[BUU] Can Buu really
make money fighting?
You can. But you gotta
do more than just fight me,
you gotta win, too.
But Mr. Satan say
Buu not allowed to fight.
Mr. Satan? Yeah, right.
[MAN 67D] Wait, maybe
this guy's his student!
[MAN 67E]
He must be!
[MAN 67F]
This could be awesome!
Hey, don't worry, buddy.
It's an exhibition.
It's just for fun.
Oh! "Fun"! Buu like!
Fine! I'll spot him
his entrance fee!
Small price to pay
for a fight this good!
I'm so in!
--[MAN 67B] Here!
--[PROMOTER chuckles]
[FIGHTER] Hm. If he really is
one of Mr. Satan's students,
I'm not pulling any punches.
Money! Ice cream! Money!
Let's go!
[laughing]
I know you couldn't have
been trained by Mr. Satan!
[laughing]
Money! Ice cream! Money! Huh?
[screams]
No! Ya gotta get up, Boss!
[MAN 67C]
Damn, that was fast.
[MAN 67D] That's Mr. Satan's
training for ya!
Ice cream!
Here! Buu got your money!
[gasping]
Wait. Sir!
Come back, please!
You forgot to get
your change, sir! Come back!
Hey! Why you yell now?
You stop bugging Buu!
Uh. It's... nothing. Never mind.
[BUU]
Mmm!
Ugh! And where'd you go?
I turn my back for
one second and you vanish!
Come on. Carry that bag.
Thanks a lot, Vegeta.
Couldn't even be bothered
to shop with your own wife.
Instead you send that pink
food vacuum in your place.
Shopping with Buu is no fun!
Would you hurry up!
[BUU]
Huh?
[BULMA]
Wow, it's gorgeous!
[BULMA gasps, giggles]
If I may, ma'am,
I believe any from this case
would look exquisite on you.
Yeah.
You're right. I'll take
the whole collection.
Uh, did--did you
just say all of them?
Yep. I did.
These gold candies
really that yummy?
Be quiet and let me shop!
All right!
Put your hands in the air!
[PROMOTER]
You heard the man! Move!
[JEWELRY CUSTOMERS screaming]
Don't cross me, pal!
I don't need a robbery
making this day
any worse than it is!
Enough! Quiet you!
[PROMOTER] Hey, Boss!
Something's happening outside!
The fuzz!
[panting]
Boss! What are we gonna do?
Chill out! Cops ain't
busting in while we got
all these hostages!
Stop your panicking!
Wait, wait, wait.
You should panic when one of
the hostages is Majin Buu.
Guys, you picked
the wrong store to rob.
What? Majin Buu?
Who the hell is that?!
So just where is this weirdo!
I ain't scared of
a guy named "Buu"!
Pt-Pt! Paah! Yucky!
I don't care who
this Majin Poop guy is,
once I shoot him with
my hand cannon, he's toast.
[PROMOTER]
Hey, uh Boss!
What now? I'm working!
--[PROMOTER] Look.
--[FIGHTER] Huh?
--[BUU] Huh?
--[FIGHTER screams]
Aah! You guys Buu friends!
You give Buu ice cream money!
[screaming]
It's him! It's him!
[JEWELRY CUSTOMERS screaming]
Buu no like you.
Hey! Those were gunshots!
We gotta move in
before anyone gets hurt!
[GOHAN]
Help is on the way!
Hey! It's Great Saiyaman!
Don't worry, we'll take it
from here, Captain.
Yes, sir!
Wherever there's
evil in the world,
the flame of justice
burns brightest!
Great Saiyaman Number One!
And Number Two.
[GOHAN, VIDEL]
Can always be counted on to...
[FIGHTER]
Our bad. You can arrest us.
[GOHAN, VIDEL holler]
--[GOHAN mumbles]
--[VIDEL sobbs]
[BULMA chuckles]
[BOTH chuckle nervously]
♪ Opening Song ♪
[CHICHI]
Hm. Does this one work?
Nah. I think this one
will turn more heads.
I just wish I knew
for sure what's popular
in the city these days.
Oh! You're looking sharp, Gohan!
Yeah, Mom. Do we really have to
get dressed up like this?
Of course we have to look nice!
We're going into the city!
Ugh! It's been so long
since we've had this chance
to do something classy.
I can't wait. I'm so excited!
So, tell me, which one
looks better on your mom? Hmm?
Mom says we're
going to the city,
but it's really just
a big party at Bulma's place.
There's gonna be a lot
of food there, right?
[CHICHI]
Gohan!
Have you seen my
lipstick lying around anywhere?
Uh. I didn't think you
even owned lipstick,
or any makeup for that matter.
Bulma gave me some free
samples she got in the mail.
Along with that eye shadow stuff
the movie stars always wear.
[GOHAN]
Huh?
[GOTEN] Uh? Sorry, Mom,
we haven't seen 'em.
Guess I should
retrace my steps.
By the way, have you seen Dad?
Do you know if he's
even ready to go?
What? I just a saw him
a minute ago.
He couldn't have gone too far.
You don't think he's...
♪
[GOKU]
What? One of them is missing.
Oh! It's right there!
Piece-a-cake.
[GOKU chuckles]
[PTEROSAUR A roars]
[GOKU]
Eeh!
[PTEROSAUR A roars]
[GOKU hollers]
Hold on! I'm not gonna eat it.
I'm trying to get it
back to your nest!
--[PTEROSAUR A roars]
--[GOKU] Eeh!
--[PTEROSAUR A, B roaring]
--[GOKU] Here!
But, if you let
that egg hatch there,
the little guy's gonna
waddle out of the nest
and fall right off the cliff!
[CHICHI]
He went to look for eggs?!
He knew we had plans today.
Why does he suddenly care
about a bunch of dinosaurs!
Well, he said they're
supposed to hatch today
and I guess he
wanted to make sure
it all went all right.
[GOHAN] Mom! I didn't see him
anywhere in the neighborhood.
Do you want me
to do a loop around
the other side of the mountain?
Forget it! We're going
without that jerk.
Goku can save the world,
but he can't stick around
the house when I have
something important!
I hope he cries like a baby
when he realizes we left him.
Eggs? Today! Of all days!
I don't know, I still don't
think that nest is big enough
to keep your kid
from falling out.
--[roars]
--Ah! I get it! I get it!
You wanna do it
all yourself, huh?
You don't wanna hear my advice.
I know what it's like
to be a first-time parent.
Ah, well. Guess I better
get back to my own family
before Chichi decides
to roll me off a cliff.
[PTEROSAUR A hollering]
[SNAKE roars]
[GOKU] These eggs
are off limits, buddy!
Get your breakfast
somewhere else!
[PTEROSAUR A, B holler]
[PTEROSAUR A whinning]
[PTEROSAUR B whinning]
[GOKU] It's still too dangerous
to leave them here.
[doorbell rings]
Yo! Krillin, you made it!
Yeah! We wouldn't miss this!
You're looking bigger, Trunks.
Are you working out?
[chuckles]
Come on!
[TRUNKS grunting]
Hey, Trunks!
Thanks for being my brakes
on such short notice.
I got a heavy foot.
[KRILLIN]
So this is your new ride.
Thaaat's right!
It's Capsule Corp's latest,
right off the factory floor!
Yeah, I kinda sweet talked
Bulma into letting me
buy it with her family discount.
Nice. I should try asking
for the same thing.
[YAMCHA]
Whoa! Hey, Chichi!
--[GOHAN] Hey, guys!
--[GOTEN giggling]
Heh. Wow, you're all
dressed up, huh?
Uh, where's Goku?
Actually...
He's too busy watching
his other babies being born.
What. What does Chichi mean,
"other babies"?
[A18]
Did he--?
No, it's not that.
I'll explain it all later.
♪
[beep]
[KRILLIN]
Ha-ha. Thanks!
--[ROSHI laughing]
--[YAMCHA laughs] That's great.
[BUU laughing]
Yo, Dende, you sure it's cool
for Earth's heroes
to party like this?
Of course it's cool,
even heroes need to relax.
--[VIDEL] Here.
--[GOHAN] Thanks.
[rustling]
[GOHAN]
Piccolo!
So this is how you
spend your vacation, huh?
It sure has been a while!
[PICCOLO chuckles]
[PTEROSAUR B chirps]
[PTEROSAUR A]
Mm.
[GOKU]
Now that I think about it,
it was on this very mountain,
all those years ago,
that Gramps found me
in a bamboo thicket.
If I remember correctly,
it was right over there.
--[BABY GOKU crying]
--[GRANDPA GOHAN humming]
--[GRANDPA GOHAN] Huh? Oh.
--[BABY GOKU crying]
Don't worry, I gotcha!
[GOKU]
Gramps was gentle and kind,
but as strict as they come.
[GOKU grunting]
[GOKU] And he loved me.
And I loved him.
[GRANDPA GOHAN chuckles]
[GOKU grunting]
[GRANDPA GOHAN groans]
[GOKU]
Uh-oh!
--[GRANDPA GOHAN laughing]
--[GOKU] Sorry.
I miss him.
[TREX A roars]
--[PTEROSAUR B whines]
--Hey!
[TRICERATOPS growls]
[TREX roars]
[PTEROSAUR A whimpering]
[PTEROSAUR B screeching]
[GOKU]
Whoa, guys! Sorry to interrupt,
but if you're gonna fight,
let's take it over here!
[GOKU]
All right. Have fun!
[BOTH]
Hmm?
[CHICHI grunting]
[ALL gasp]
[TRUNKS]
Her moves are awesome!
Hey, Goten, when did your mom
become such a boss lady?
Did you know about this?
Well, I'd heard Mom
was a practitioner
of the Kamesen style
way back in the day,
but this is the first I've ever
actually seen her doing it.
[BULMA]
That's right, Gohan.
But her glory days were
before you were even born.
One time when she was younger,
Chichi even entered the
World Martial Arts Tournament.
--[CHICHI grunts]
--[bones cracking]
That looked bad. You all right?
[CHICHI] I guess there's
no beating age.
[ALL laughing]
Oh, wow. That's just
what I'd expect
from the wife of Goku!
Where is Goku?
Yeah. That is strange.
Where could he be?
I guess he just had
something else going on today.
Wow, you seem
really bothered by it.
Ah ha! You're sad
about Goku not being here,
because you have
a secret crush on him!
[BULMA]
Huh?!
Well, you can
give up on that, missy.
If we're talking about
the hottest mamas,
--it's me in a landslide.
--[BULMA] Hmph.
[ALL laughing]
I agree, Chichi!
This is one day where
you're looking really hot.
So the other 364 days
of the year I'm not?!
[ALL laughing]
You don't think your dad
would flake out, do you?
He'll be here. I'm sure of it.
[PTEROSAUR A whimpering]
[PTEROSAUR A roars]
[GOKU chuckles]
What's up?
You guys wanna make sure
it hatches okay, too?
[PTEROSAUR B whimpering]
[GOKU]
Huh?
[PTEROSAUR A whimpering]
[MONKEYS chattering]
[GOKU gasps]
[PTEROSAUR B hollering]
[GOKU] I want to get
that egg to safer ground,
but it looks so fragile, I'm
scared it'll crack if I move it.
What am I gonna do?!
Damn it!
Hold on, little buddy!
I'll be back in a flash!
[GOKU grunting]
[PTEROSAUR B grunting]
[GOKU] Hang in there until
I secure the other nest!
[PTEROSAUR A whimpers]
[GOKU] I'm gonna brace
yours with this branch!
[GOKU yells]
--[GOKU screaming]
--[PTEROSAUR B roars]
[PTEROSAUR B roars]
[GOKU]
Aah!
[yells]
[GOKU]
Whew! Close one!
[GOKU yells]
[PTEROSAUR B roars]
[GOKU grunting]
[PTEROSAUR B chirps]
I got your egg, ma'am.
Safe and sound!
[KRILLIN] Thanks for having us.
Catch ya later!
Sure! Come by anytime!
--[GOKU panting]
--[A18, KRILLIN yell]
--[GOKU groans]
--[KRILLIN] Goku?
--[ALL] Goku?
--Guess you made it!
Hey, guys. I sort of
lost track of time there.
[GOKU]
Gohan, where's your mom?
--[CHICHI] I'm right here!
--[GOKU shrieks]
Who do you think you are?
Rushing in here
sweating and filthy,
just as everyone else
is leaving the party!
Uh, yeah, about that.
I really did mean to
get here earlier, but--
Sorry!
[CHICHI grunts]
Well, it's not like it's
the first time
you've missed a party.
I couldn't have stayed
your wife all these years
if I let every small thing
set me off.
--[BOTH chuckle]
--[CHICHI] Have you eaten today?
Oh, for Pete's sake, Goku.
You're so forgetful!
But I can't let you starve.
Bulma, you mind
giving me a hand?
[BULMA]
Where's the help?
[GOTEN]
So, did they hatch?!
Yeah!
So, what was it
about these eggs?
Why was it a big deal?
Well, there was
a pterosaur nest on a cliff
with four eggs
that were about to hatch.
[GOKU chuckles]
[BABIES crying]
[GOKU]
They're okay!
[PTEROSAURS chirping]
Dad, who was cuter
when they were born:
the dinos or me?
I can't answer that one.
I mean, seriously, Goten,
when you were born,
I was dead in Other World!
[ALL laughing]
[GOKU]
Hm? Hey! Come on, Vegeta!
Cheer up and join the party!
You're missing out
on all this great food!
[NARRATOR]
Ever since he was a boy,
something about Goku has
always brightened a room.
His mere presence brings
smiles to his friends,
making them feel better
about themselves.
Whether on the battlefield
or at the dinner table,
he truly is number one.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And you're about to see ten
whole years into the future!
It's tournament time,
and I'm especially concerned
about a new fighter,
so I'm entering, too,
along with my
granddaughter, Pan!
[BULMA]
What? She can't fight!
She's only four years old!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
I wonder who the fighter is
that Dad's so anxious about?